The Joe Rogan experience.
So, uh, what do you remember from that moment on,
uh, when I, when I regained consciousness, it wasn't real quick.
It wasn't real walking right up. Um,
it was real slow. It was dim. Uh,
my consciousness was kind of like in and out for a while.
I didn't know where I was
the pain and the feeling that I was mortally
wounded, something, uh, something was so wrong inside. I,
I felt like I was dying and this is what real fueled the
panic. When I finally laid eyes on these creatures,
uh, of course, you know, all of the
mental programming that we get from Hollywood that, uh,
aliens are invading monsters, you know, didn't help. Uh,
I instantly associated this feeling of,
of dying with pain with them.
So I was combative immediately. Uh,
where were you? I was lying on my back on a raised table.
There was a light above me. Um,
it was not real bright. It was, um, not so bright that I couldn't,
um, you know, see the outline of the, of the fixture,
but, uh, what did the fixture look like? Kinda like that only much larger.
Um, just a saw, uh, glow and,
uh, in the movie,
there's a little bit of striking on the part of the aliens,
uh, against me. Uh, that didn't happen. I lashed out at them,
no one closest to me. I, I, I felt really weak.
I didn't have enough strength to, to do much. So when I,
my arm contacted him,
he just fell back very unexpectedly,
easy into the other one.
And I rolled off the table in the other direction. And,
uh,
they came around table and the three of them were coming towards me.
And I just grabbed something from behind me, an object off of the,
uh, shelf there and started swinging it at them. What was the object?
It was just some large, uh, long cylinder or rod,
uh, glass, some clear material.
I wasn't studying it.
I was looking at them and swinging wildly screaming threats.
They stopped.
And I was planning on attacking more fully,
just making way past them.
The only doorway I could see was on the other side of them. And it looked.
Like a doorway.
Yeah. It looked like a doorway, just a, you know.
And what did they look like?
Uh, I guess it's a pretty typical description nowaday, uh,
very large eyes, uh, hairless, um,
Two eyes, nose, mouth. I didn't see them
speak or no change in the expressions <affirmative>
and, uh, to me that, uh, in,
in the face of all the screaming and, uh, the fear that I was, uh,
projecting, uh, their lack of reaction, probably just added to my panic.
But, uh.
Did they feel like they were a living creature or did they feel like they were a
robot?
Like, well, they were without expression. I'll say that, but you know,
I've had 45 years to think about that in more recent years, I think. Well, maybe
if they're telepathic
and it's developed enough to where they don't need to talk,
they also don't need facial expression. Right.
And so their ability to communicate with each other would be much richer and
more complete than we have and
speech and frown or smiles or whatever would become obsolete pretty quick.
Yeah. Well that is, uh, a theory about where human beings are headed.
If we continue to evolve that we will,
one day reach this point where the biological limitations of our monkey
bodies will slowly start to fade away and we'll have different abilities,
different abilities.
To communicate, well, why would we need to, uh, frown or smile if,
if you can save much more.
And also their, their musculature did their musculature,
did they look like smooth? Like they had no, no clear muscles.
Yeah. They were pretty smooth, very light. When I, when I hit the,
w it fell back into the other one pretty easily. It like,
he weighed hardly anything like a little kid.
Yeah.
That was most terrifying experience of my life. But when I,
when I tell this story and, and try to relate to people,
I'm trying to communicate what I experienced, how utterly,
utterly traumatic that was and how it was so devastating. I was, you know,
on the verge of catatonic for weeks after it happened. But, uh,
uh, I don't, I don't want to relate this story in order to,
uh,
inspire fear because I've had enough time to think about it
that I think that it was unwarranted, that my reaction was, uh,
just due to my ignorance of the situation. Um,
the fact that I was returned at all is pretty significant, you know? Yeah. Uh,
the idea that these beings are just, uh, kid people, Willy Ellie,
and doing terrible things to 'em. I, I don't subscribe to that theory.
Now.
I try to separate what I actually experienced from things that I've concluded
just from thinking about it. But it seems to me that,
uh, I mean, they've been seeing, uh,
I'm sure if there'd been sightings for all, you know, before I was.
Born, had you heard of the Betty and Barney hill story before you were abducted?
Uh, I probably had, uh, but if I,
I thought if they had some sort of sinister intentions,
it'd be a Dundee, they wouldn't be sneaking around hiding and, uh, right. Um,
yeah, I, I believe with that level of technology, look at it this way,
human beings,
just virtually everything technological that we have is just a few hundred years
old before that the most technological thing we had was fire.
And just, uh, the last, uh,
50 years,
the progress of our science has grown to far
overshadow everything we had accomplished in thousands of years before that.
So I'm thinking, um,
what astronomers tell us about these other star system is that they could be
hundreds of thousands, millions, or maybe billions of years older than us.
So if we accomplished the kind of technology that we have
in a few decades,
what is possible with millions of years of development, um,
and we couldn't begin and to recognize what they're capable of. Right. Uh,
so I think it's presumptuous for people to say, oh, they could never do that.
It really is a, an interesting conundrum because we know what we can do.
And we know where we came from.
We have a very clear history of technology when it comes to humans.
And we also know that there are planets,
so rounding stars all throughout our galaxy and all throughout the universe,
but we're still skeptical. It's so funny. And so, yeah, it is, it is,
but for a guy like you who's actually encountered it,
even though you saw it, it, it had to not seem real.
Oh yeah. Your questioning your sanity for sure. I mean, it, it was like, uh,
I was, uh, practically CATA Toga for days afterwards.
Catch new episodes. The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.